Reason you applied for aid

i am a computer science student from Algeria and i a really want to enhance my tech skills through your courses for machine learning . Unfortunately, due to financial constraints and the unavailability of credit cards in Algeria I am unable to affors the fees. Your financial aid would be immensly helpful in enabling me to access this valuable learning . Because this course is vital for my education and pursue my dream to be a data scientist or Machine Learning engineer a field i am deeply passionate about. i believe this knowledge will benefit both my academic performance and professional journey and maybe even improve my prospects in the rapidly evolving tech idustry Thank you for considering my appilication. Your support will make a substantial difference in my educational journey and hopefully in my future career as computer science engineer. And sorry for my bad written text i don't usually write in english. Sincerely

Course goals

This course could reallly help me pursuing my education and career aspiratitons. My goals is to pursue a career in machine learning and artificial intelligence fields that are rapidly transforming industries worldwide. This course will provide me with the essential mathematical foundation required to understand and develop machine learning algorithms effectively to be an machine learning engineer or even data scientist two fields that i am really interested in. Gaining these skills is crucial for becoming a good engineer. By completing this course that i am committed to finishing it i will be better prepared to tackle problems and contribute to projects. My long term goal is to work in a tech company in the United States, where i can contribute at the technological advancements and collaborate with experts in the field. This course is a crucial step toward achieving these goals Thank you so mucj for considering my application. Your support will make difference in my education and future career. Sincerely, Khalil Bounour